Quiz: Lesson 3

What's the difference between rendering and redirecting? What's the impact with regards to instance variables, view templates?
  Rendering will render a template and you can still have access to instance variables
  Redirectng will issue a new http request and you do have access to instance variables

If I need to display a message on the view template, and I'm redirecting, what's the easiest way to accomplish this?
  You can use the flash method

If I need to display a message on the view template, and I'm rendering, what's the easiest way to accomplish this?
  flash.now

Explain how we should save passwords to the database.
  Passwords should be save using has_secure_password and password_digest

What should we do if we have a method that is used in both controllers and views?
  To keep our code DRY we should create a helper method in the application controller

What is memoization? How is it a performance optimization?
  It is represented by ||= it means that if the object exists use the current value else assign a new value

If we want to prevent unauthenticated users from creating a new comment on a post, what should we do?
  You should validate the presence of a authenticated user first. We could also lock the functionality if the user has not logged in.

Suppose we have the following table for tracking "likes" in our application. How can we make this table polymorphic?
Note that the "user_id" foreign key is tracking who created the like.

id	user_id	photo_id	video_id	post_id
1	4		12
2	7			3
3	2	6

  Create a new model like
  You could add a likeable_id and a likeable_type columns to the likes table
  Add belongs_to :likeable, polymorphic: true
  In photo, video and post models add has_many :likes, as: :likeable

How do we set up polymorphic associations at the model layer? Give example for the polymorphic model (eg, Vote) as well as an example parent model (the model on the 1 side, eg, Post).
  At the vote model layer add belongs_to :voteable, polymorphic: true
  At the parent model has_many :votes, as: :voteable

What is an ERD diagram, and why do we need it?
  It is the Entity Relationship Diagram and describes the relationship between the models.